Did you just call Elisa an esteemed guest?
Yes, I did.
In fact, a Ms. Vale is one of our VIP customers.
That can't be possible.
Her family went bankrupt years ago.
She probably can't even afford to pay her rent.
Let me correct myself.
Not only is Ms. Vale our esteemed guest,
not only is she our VV VIP customer,
but the forehand was ready to be sent by President Hawthorne
to her.
Does my word count?
Does it have any weight around here?
Mr. Carlos, there must be some mistake.
Well, the wine was personally arranged
by President Hawthorne's personal assistant,
Ronin.
How could there possibly be a mistake?
Summer, how could Mr. Hawthorne be sending wine to Elisa?
How am I supposed to know what Lucian is thinking?
You said that you would pay me back tenfold.
Forget the tenfold.
Just pay me the original price.
Is Lucian going to be angry with me for this?
Whatever.
Let's just enjoy this moment.
What's going on?
President Hawthorne really sent the wine to Elisa.
I have to let you.
Maybe someone is just lying and she's being cosmonious about this hour.
So Summer, what's the best way for you to pay me back for this?